[ADD] Setup for odoo.sh SSH and more detail (#589)
odoo/documentation-user: odoo_sh/getting_started/branches.rst

SSH
---
Setup

> *****

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~~~~~
```
It works just the same but generally use this for H4.

> In order to use SSH you will need to setup your profile SSH public key (if it is not already done).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to use SSH, you have to set up your profile SSH public key (if it is not already done).
```

> In order to do this follow these steps :

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To do so, follow these steps:
```

#. `Generate a new SSH key
   <https://help.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent#generating-a-new-ssh-key>`_
#. `Copy the SSH key to your clipboard
   <https://help.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/adding-a-new-ssh-key-to-your-github-account>`_
   (only apply the step 1)
#. Paste the copied content to your profile SSH keys and press "Add"

>    .. image:: ./media/SSH-key-pasting.png

Reviewer: Your email address is showing in the image and may confuse readers as it may not be obvious to everyone that `lse@odoo.com` is the email address of an Odoo employee. I suggest hitting F12 and changing it by something like `my.email@example.com`.

      :align: center

#. The key should appear below

>    .. image:: ./media/SSH-key-appearing.png

Reviewer: Same as before 😅

Author: @AntoineVDV done :)

      :align: center

Connection
~~~~~~~~~~

> In order to connect to your builds using ssh use the following command in a terminal:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To connect to your builds using ssh use the following command in a terminal:
```
